Update subpath configuration for caddy (#629)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/networking/caddy.md

You can serve Jellyfin only at a particular base path and not proxy all other requests.

To do this, first configure Jellyfin to use a base path.

> If you already have access to the web interface, go to `Admin > Networking` and in the Base URL field, enter a path like `/jellyfin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have access to the web interface, go to `Admin > Networking` and enter a path like `/jellyfin` in the Base URL field.
```

> If not, you may instead go to `<Configuration_directory>/network.xml` and modify key `<BaseUrl>` to your needs. For references on the directory location, please consult [Configuration Documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/configuration.html#configuration-directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not, you may instead go to `<configuration_directory>/network.xml` and modify the value of `<BaseUrl>` according to your needs. For information on the directory location, please consult the [configuration documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/configuration.html#configuration-directory).
```

Author: Thanks for the kind suggestions, I agree with all of the proposed adjustments except one.

As I read through the documentation again, I realized the way of expressing`<configuration_directory>` that is the most consistent with the current [configuration documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/configuration.html) is `<Configuration Directory>`.

Reviewer: Good point, agreed.
